STADIUM BUILDS FINANCING OPPORTUNITY 

Currently working on a large project in association with Berkshire Hathaway on funding multi use stadium and facility builds. Commercial build opportunities including multi family housing, movie theaters, hotels, restaurants, use for concert events and more.  Most of these builds, if not all, are partnered with D-1 Colleges and their Soccer teams, creating a 365 day a year ability for use. Which perfectly aims at the key demographic for both crypto currency adoption and use, as well as boost the status of this sports brand to an elite level. The big driver behind this mission is that an event held on a world wide stage is coming to the United States in the next 4 years and this pro league is looking to add new teams, improve existing teams facilities and build a very good number of state of the art “Live,Eat,Play” type venues to rebrand their image and increase more inclusive opportunities in order to expand their franchises fanbase & overall exposure. 
Unfortunately I am limited on divulging the completely game changing specific details, however I can say their are a multitude of top tier sponsors along the lines of a top competitor of Pepsi sponsoring and top competitor to the Sony brand for the digital advertising and stadium signage, that are already committed to the primary build that once executed, opens the door to the rest of the leagues building opportunities. Add to that a top entertainment group committed for concert venues signed but throw in arguably the most elite clubs of this sport. And from all across the globe, these teams have already committed to play exhibition matches at this initial clubs new stadium. This build is ready to go vertical with infrastructure already in place and $23.5M already invested on the project. Also partially set in an opportunity zones which is a huge draw for anyone looking to take advantages on capital gains opportunities. With two cash flowing businesses already on this large property of land and adjacent to a new addition of the partnered D-1 College, this project is ready to go!

It boasts former Professional athletes, Olympic coaches and Olympic stadium designers onboard, with full community support from the college president, the mayor, Senators as well as the Commissioner of Economic Development. Newly added to this project is one of the biggest names in crypto looking to name the stadium for this franchise already. With many more similar opportunities in each of the next builds. My team and I have ideas for the creation of a DAO token to garner fans nationwide, surrounding community members who are in close proximity, and college students, all buying in to have governance in these projects, voting rights and more. We’d also like to create coins with specific uses for the businesses involved in and around these projects. Add in NFTs to this and it’s game-set-match. 

The first build shovel ready, waiting to go vertical on the stadium. This is ready to go as well as time sensitive and would need a response sooner rather than later. This opportunity won’t last long and has an endless amount of opportunity and applications through all pro leagues throughout the country and the world. Please contact if interested.


Best Regards,
Raymond Ramirez Sr.
Head of Investor Consulting & Asset Acquisitions 
Golden Heights Property Investments 
Raymond@GoldenHeightsAssets.com
949.945.3504 cell
